Documentation meta-descriptions review N° 3 (#5547)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/capabilities/sec-config-assessment/use-case.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2015, Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Check out how the Wazuh SCA scanner detects and reports changes in the check results using a simple use case in this section of our documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: The Wazuh SCA scanner detects and reports changes in system configurations. Check out a simple use case in this section of our documentation.
```
